Added library reference to Implementations page (#1585)
json-api/json-api: implementations/index.md

* [crnk.io](http://www.crnk.io) is a JSON:API framework for clients and servers. On the client-side it targets
  both Java and Android development. As for the backend side a rich set of modules helps with the integration of various
  Java frameworks.

>  * [jsonapi](https://github.com/MarkoMilos/jsonapi) Library for streamlined use of JSON:API using Kotlin and Java built on top of Moshi from Square. It is built with powerfull api and it supports JVM (Java/Kotlin) and Android. Supporting deserialization and serialization it is ment to be used on both client and server side.

Reviewer: A few typos in the description:

```suggestion
 * [jsonapi](https://github.com/MarkoMilos/jsonapi) Library for streamlined use of JSON:API using Kotlin and Java built on top of Moshi from Square. It is built with a powerful api and supports JVM (Java/Kotlin) and Android. Supporting deserialization and serialization it is meant to be used on both client and server side.
```
